foreign
the relationships and the connections
that I have now feel much more real and
much more
robust then they often used to be when I
was holding and carrying this belief
that
I had to hide my fear from the
relationship or it would damage it
somehow
welcome to the art of accomplishment
where we explore how deepening
connection with ourselves and others
leads to creating the life we want with
enjoyment and ease I'm Brett Kistler
here today with my co-host Joe Hudson
[Music]
hi everybody this is Joe Hudson and this
is Brett Kistler and Welcome to our
podcast today we're going to do things a
little bit differently this is the
beginning of a series that we've put
together
and the series is all about how
self-discovery affects the rest of your
life and it's particularly around
interviewing CEOs who've had a moment of
self-discovery that has changed their
life and their business
so Brett what's the self-discovery that
you want to talk about what's the
Breakthrough that you feel has changed
your life in the way that you've done
business yeah so like many breakthroughs
this has been one that I've just had
repeatedly over over time over years but
has has been related to my relationship
with fear and that fear is something to
be welcomed uh rather than overcome yeah
I remember at one point we were talking
and
you said oh I used to think that I
wasn't scared and now that I I realize
that I'm scared all the time what what
did you mean by that yeah so
growing up I kind of developed this
self-concept of like being brave and
courageous so I didn't I kind of judged
the fear in myself judged anxiety uh I
judged anxiety and others and just felt
that I was not an anxious person
and of course that wasn't true of course
there was anxiety all the time and it
was controlling me in a lot of different
ways
but like where a lot of that went in my
life is that I started to do a lot of
things to prove that I didn't feel a
fear um and that I was conquering it
which was you know I got early on I got
really into rock climbing and then I got
into skydiving and base jumping and
other Air Sports which
helped me feel like I was in control of
my fear initially that was sort of my
initial approach to it awesome and and
how did it affect your your business at
the time well yeah at the time I mean
I mean even before business in like
school I you know presented with like
ADHD and I had a really hard time
concentrating a lot a lot of the time
and I now recognize that when that's
occurring to me to this day it's
generally because there's something
unfelt
um often some form of anxiety that I'm
just not letting myself feel and the
avoidance of that
it's just like decreases my working
memory and makes me go distracted so
you know switching apps left and right
or going to the fridge three times in 20
minutes those are all really good signs
that you know there's something going on
at the surface and it's usually
something fear related oh that's an
awesome recognition to be able to see
what your body does and and what your
habits do when you're in fear one of the
things that I've noticed in fear is that
that my mind becomes binary that I start
thinking of answers as this or that
instead of the thousands of answers that
are usually available with any issue but
what a great tell that is
so that's how it was in school and how
did the ADHD affect your business or how
did the fear and anxiety affect your
business before while you were still
trying to overcome it or while you were
still conquering it yeah well I mean my
business started out as I was doing
programming freelance so you know in
order to focus and concentrate on
programming I kind of needed to feel
somewhat like clear on what I was doing
so if I started to fall behind or if
there started to be something that just
wasn't going right with the project or
something with a timeline or something
with scope creep or expectations
you know I would start to get anxious
and I wouldn't let myself feel that
anxiety
and so I wouldn't recognize that it was
affecting me and then suddenly I just
wouldn't be able to focus on what I was
doing and then that would Snowball the
entire process I would like keep this
whole like keeping it together attitude
of like powering through
and you know staying positive and
staying tasked and goal oriented but
that would be a farce because I would
actually be doing anything but my work
in those States and how did it affect
your business when you started
interacting with people besides yourself
when you start having employees and you
started to
take on bigger clients how did the the
fear that you were trying to overcome
find its way in there yeah that's
interesting the the fear itself would
start to magnify because my problems
would become bigger and you know the
failure modes would be I
harsher and more money involved and more
people involved and so even more so
starting to become a CEO from being
freelance started to be like okay my job
is to keep it all together my job is to
make sure that nobody else is afraid so
like everybody just believes that
everything is going
according to plan and that also didn't
work very well it definitely blew up in
my face a number of times how did it
blow up yeah what is it ways that would
blow up is like people would start to
bring fears and concerns to the surface
and like those concerns would be
uncomfortable and inconvenient and I
might even see them as potentially
damaging morale or distracting people
from you know
the goal of the project and
oftentimes those concerns were very very
valid and if they weren't valid the
feeling that somebody had around them
was also very valid and if it wasn't
addressed led to them feeling
disconnected from the project or from
the team
so in either case the fears were very
important signals that by ignoring them
or by trying to change them into some
kind of positivity or like sometimes
even just like boldness or
courageousness like okay we're afraid
but we're just gonna do this anyway like
stepping on the signal and not listening
to it
this occurred over the course of like 15
years my business at different levels
it's like this is one of those things
that I continue to learn on a new level
every time the business grows and I jump
into it different
a larger version of the same picture
I then have like a new layer to feel
through of this like welcoming people's
fear and welcoming my own fear and also
holding space for it in a way that
allows it to be processed and you know
not just resisted and turned into
low-level anxiety in the team so I'm
going to dig a little bit further here
what specific can you give us something
really specific I know a lot of people
out there would be very much an
understanding of what you're saying like
they can resonate with it
my question is like can you give us if
something really specific so potentially
somebody who is still in that place
where they don't think they have the
fear might be able to recognize it
yeah one one good example was
um you know this project where you know
I had been leading this project before
and then like one of our heads had been
leading the project later and then the
company grew and we started to get
bigger clients and so myself and him
started working on bigger projects with
a bigger client and we needed somebody
to take over the smaller project and so
we we kind of put together the people
that were available and like gave them
the task of taking over this project
diving into it understanding it and then
meeting the next year's goals and
along that process there were fears that
were brought up by a number of people in
the team like I'm not sure if I quite
have enough handle on this or I'm not
sure if you know the time zone is
working well between this other team
member and myself
I'm not sure like what exactly
Milestones we're trying to achieve here
and what what's going to look like
and a lot of that stuff I just kind of
felt like brushed off a little bit is
like oh it's okay the team is going to
figure it out I know this is a little
bit like rough rough Beginnings but
it'll all get sorted out and as a result
of not listening to those things things
started getting the project started
getting off track and ultimately the
fears were realized and we started to
have issues that were
starting to be pretty big issues for the
client and we corrected course and the
process of correcting course was me just
having this breakthrough of oh
everybody's actually been saying very
important things all along that I wasn't
listening to and that I wasn't bringing
into the conversation and I wasn't
permissioning right what I'm hearing is
that what they said would bring up a
fear in you that you didn't want to feel
and therefore use I think you said it as
step on the signal yeah yeah so before
we move on to the next section which is
how you made the discovery and what that
process was like
I would love to just understand how your
relationship to fear in the past
affected your relationships what did it
do with your relationships
say with lovers or family or friends
there's a couple things that I could get
into there
um I mean one is in in relationships
with with Partners you know like there
might be a fear of being engulfed and
then just not naming that fear of being
engulfed would lead to just putting up
walls and then those walls would lead to
you know lack of connection lack of
uh charge and like early on really in my
relationships I just had a hard time
actually
having any relationships because I was
constantly so afraid of doing something
wrong or
scaring somebody away or just being
weird you know
so that's the relationships but
something that's also really interesting
that is it's interpersonal but also out
of the business context was in was in
like Air Sports and in in base jumping
there'd be like a group of us on top of
a cliff at an exit Point preparing to
jump together and
there'd be you know we're like you know
young early 20s mostly male and there'd
be a lot of you know like ego and just
kind of like signaling
um and wanting to fit in and so a
phenomenon occurred a lot where
somebody or even everybody on the exit
point would be feeling a particular kind
of fear about something like the
conditions really aren't that great
right now they were great while we were
hiking but now they've deteriorated and
I feel uncomfortable about this but
nobody else seems to feel uncomfortable
so it must just be me and I don't want
to be the one that like suggests that we
go all hike four hours back down this
mountain and that led to some really
like really uncomfortable situations at
best and at worst led to fatalities so
that's where some of these breakthroughs
really comes in when it's like I love
these people and here we are together
and because we were trying to be
something for one another that was some
vision of courageous
because of that now somebody's injured
and they're in the hospital
and it could have been us you know it
could have been any of us
um that was really where this this
particular kind of breakthrough really
started happening for me the first
question that comes to mind for me
particularly if I'm thinking about the
audience is what is the difference in
your mind and your experience in your
body between overcoming fear and feeling
fear so there's sort of a difference
between fear and excitement right like
both of them show up similarly in the
body as you know cortisol and adrenaline
making your body be ready to act swiftly
and sharply but
there's different components of it and
if you're about to do something
dangerous where you have to perform well
to survive there's going to be some
component of that that is like fear of
actual Danger
and your body's going to be like
inhibiting itself from doing something
dangerous
and then there's another part that's
excitement of feeling competent and
prepared and your body readying itself
to be performing at its best so there's
both of them are always present but the
difference that I feel between them is
that when it's excitement I'm feeling
expansive and more aware and sharper
but if it's fear of something that like
I should not be doing if I'm in over my
head
or I'm like not paying attention to a
variable consciously that subconsciously
I'm aware is going on like there's
something wrong with my equipment or the
conditions have changed and I'm just not
letting myself see it then the fear will
actually feel more constricting and
closing in
and so the difference between like
overcoming it
and welcoming it is the difference
between standing on an edge and
feeling the fear closing you down and
just pushing through it anyway
or feeling the fear and then welcoming
it and letting it and seeing how it
transforms and how much it transforms
into excitement the same thing can be
going into a meeting in business the
same thing could be going into a
difficult conversation with a partner
where it's like wow you know what I
don't know what's going to happen in
this conversation right now I may lose
my partner
and we may have a deeper connection
after this
and you know my body's scared
but also I'm ready to step into my truth
so when you feel into your fear in Air
Sports the signal seems to be
whether you should do it or you should
not do it at that moment what generally
do you find the signal to be in the rest
of your life the signal isn't just like
a do it or don't do it go or no-go it's
what to be looking at
like the signal is telling me like if I
listen into and feel into the signal the
signal is telling me what I care about
and the Signal's telling me what
threatens it or at least what I perceive
threatens it
and if I don't listen to that signal and
I just want to overcome it then I may
assume that I understand what the signal
is and ignore it and that could be to my
you know to my detriment
but feeling the signal
and then being like okay I'm afraid of
this happening I'm afraid of losing this
project I'm afraid of losing this client
I'm afraid of not being able to support
my team I'm afraid of not being able to
pay the bills I'm afraid of my business
collapsing I'm afraid of being a failure
then if I let myself actually feel those
fears
then I can see what's on the other side
of them
and just letting my body process those
unwanted outcomes
makes it that if I find myself in the
direction of those outcomes I have
already sort of mapped the landscape and
my intuition will be more calibrated to
Lead Me In A workable Direction it also
feels like something that you're saying
is that
one of the signals in the fear is that
uh there's like a self-care signal means
like some one of my needs might not be
getting met and I need to address that
yeah absolutely
and then like the the attempt to
overcome the fears like the opposite of
self-care
it's like this need of mind doesn't
matter and I'm not listening instead I'm
going to
prioritize this other thing
right and sometimes that works but on
the long on the long time frame if you
do that every time
statistically it just doesn't work out
as well as when you're
actually paying attention to what all of
your needs are even if not all of them
can be met at the same time every time
yeah that's something that I see all the
time with people is that the this
generalized anxiety that they have is
perpetuated
because they're not getting their needs
met and they're not seeing the signal of
their anxiety as oh I have needs here
that aren't being met that I I can ask
for yeah I've come to understand like
sort of the difference between fear and
anxiety and myself is that like
something that I'm afraid of
there's usually something kind of
specific and I could put point a finger
to it and if I'm feeling just anxiety
Then
it's General and I might be confused
about what it is or I might feel like it
makes no sense but if I listen to the
anxiety first the first step for me is
often just to feel my dissociation to
feel my numbness because I have that
patterned really deeply to like my
system just shuts down anxiety so that I
don't feel it so that I could continue
doing whatever I'm doing rock climbing
or whatever that that was patterned in
very young but so like I feel into that
pattern feel into whatever numbness or
dissociation that might be in my body
and then slowly the anxiety will start
to rise to the surface and then I feel
that anxiety and I'm like wow okay
something feels like tingly here and
like butterflies and this feels
uncomfortable and then the more I feel
it the more that anxiety turns into some
specific fear or constellation of fears
that come with the signal of what it is
that I actually need
that I'm not getting
yeah that makes a lot of sense I'm
wondering also you that story that I
started out at the beginning where you
told me that I used to think that I
wasn't afraid and now I feel like I'm
afraid all the time tell me what that
transition was like how did you become
aware that there was this constant fear
what was that Journey like and how could
somebody who is
right now thinking to themselves oh I'm
I might be that guy I might be that
woman who feels like I'm not scared at
all yeah I started to notice it part way
through the 18-month course that that I
did with you
and I found that there was like a period
of a couple of months where I was paying
very little attention to my work into my
business and doing a lot of like going
to authentic relating workshops or
circling or like just going to the tea
house and hanging out with people and
talking about all kinds of things that
were related to my business but I wasn't
actually taking action on it
and it just started to dawn on me that
this was like I was clearly avoiding
heavily and I was like what am I
actually avoiding
and through the the tools that I learned
in the program
I started to recognize that this was
that there was fear there
and I was like huh that's strange I'd
never thought of myself as being fearful
but I had the exactly opposite
self-concept like building a life around
like being somebody who is like in a
deeply healthful relationship with my
fear or at least aspiring to be
and so this idea that I was living with
low level
or maybe even high level but not felt
anxiety in just my day-to-day life in
San Francisco
where I had all of my basic needs met
just sort of broke my brain to realize
and when I started to feel it I realized
like oh of course I've always been
feeling this kind of fear this is this
is why you know I used to be really
awkward around women
um when I was really young and why over
time I've been working through like
discomfort and fear in business
scenarios and with boundaries
uh the sphere this anxiety would be the
thing that I wouldn't recognize that I
was feeling that would you know make me
walk away from an opportunity because I
was afraid of failing at it and what
were some of the tools what were the
tools that helped you in this process
you you speak about this 18-month course
but I mean if I'm listening to this
thing I'm like what what tool what can I
do so a lot of what we did in the course
was exercises that brought us into
feeling different emotions and
witnessing each other and feeling those
emotions
and also this is alongside of you know
recognizing that the world is a
projection and that you know the
judgments that we have of others is
something that we're judging ourselves
so with those two things kind of super
imposed when I would see somebody in
fear
I noticed that I judged it
and I'm like huh interesting
interesting
yeah that's such a great hack in general
is um when you really notice that all of
your judgments are just a way for you to
stop feeling something or to resist
feeling something it's this cool hack
because it lets you know everything that
you're avoiding yeah that's awesome it's
great to hear that from your perspective
and I have one perspective going through
the course it's cool to hear the other
perspective
so you're going through this journey of
understanding your fear you have this
recognition that actually the fear is
always here
and then you have a recognition that
there's a signal to the fear that's
really important and at some point there
must be some transition from
taking that information and acting on it
instead of taking that information and
trying to overcome it can you tell me
about that process can you tell me about
the process of learning to act on the
signal of fear there are a lot of little
moments that this occurred you know an
example in Air Sports would just be like
I'd be preparing to do a jump of some
kind and I'd have this like fear that
was sort of abnormal not just the normal
level of elevation but like something
else going on but logically everything
seems to be fine so I'd ignore it and
then like we're about to jump and then
somebody points out something that I had
completely missed that was dangerous I'm
like oh yeah that was that was the fear
that was what the fear was pointing to
so like having that little recognition
was just like okay this is this is
something I need to be listening to more
and
it's it's a fine line between those
different like signals of fear and
excitement and you never quite find the
exact Edge between them and I don't even
know if it is just a binary Edge but
yeah just having having these kind of
like close call experiences and also in
business too also in in personal
relationships
but just like recognizing how much the
cost is of not listening to it not
listening to the fear not feeling it how
much the cost of try to overcome it is
and then also the another thing in in
flow sports with your body is that if
you are if you're second guessing your
body while your body is doing something
then it takes out a flow
so to be feeling fear and then
suppressing that fear
is just a way of fighting yourself and
it like decreases your connection to
what you're doing so what I notice is
that oftentimes when people start to
recognize that oh I have this fear and
it's telling me I'm not taking care of
myself it tells me that I have a need
that's not met there's another thing
that they have to jump over and that
thing seems to be asking for their needs
and so you might be sitting on the top
of the mountain and you might say oh
right I have that fear and probably
nobody's saying anything maybe other
people have it it's really important to
say it but then there's the actual Act
of saying it and then something like Air
Sports
makes sense to say it pretty quickly
you'd learn it because it could be your
death it's a high consequence but in a
business environment oftentimes people
really hesitate to ask for their needs
being met when they realize that the
fear is indicating that there's
something not being met how do you do
that how did you learn that have you
learned that yeah I mean you'd be
surprised how long you can go in Air
Sports without learning this
or you know continually learning it I
mean also in business like
yeah actually I have um a client who's
also a very good friend and
we've worked on a project with them for
like eight years and over time it
started to get kind of grow old and
stale that the tech was growing stale
there wasn't really money to be putting
into it and so like it started to just
kind of reach this point where it was
like hey we really need to be
rebuilding this from scratch and it's
also going to cost a lot of money and I
don't know if you guys have that kind of
money and so like I'm really scared to
tell you that I don't know that we can
even continue to work on this project
without resources that I don't know that
you actually have and like I really want
to do well about you I don't want to
leave you like abandoned and like I'm
scared what are we gonna do
I don't want to be working the way that
we have with the resources that we've
had and like I apologize for like
continually trying to make more and more
happen under the same budget constraints
when my assumption is that that can
increase
so that was that's like one example of a
kind of conversation that's actually
happened a number of times in in
business I've done a lot of business
with friends and like often there's just
this like or with or without friends
often there's sort of like a caretaking
aspect of like okay now that I'm working
on this project with you I really wanna
like it's my responsibility to make sure
it's going well and if you have business
needs otherwise then you should tend to
those and I'll just make do with what we
can
and that very often did not serve the
clients in the end so what I heard you
say is that one of the ways in which you
have learned to ask for your needs to be
met is by being really vulnerable and
speaking out saying hey I'm scared here
and just owning the fear and then seeing
how that lands
what other ways have you found to
be able to
speak your need or speak the fear that's
happening in a way that's
um that can be handled by people or in a
way that feels really true and authentic
to you I mean just drawing a boundary
like I have a need that I'm afraid it's
not to be met and
it's going to be difficult for me to be
moving forward
with this uncertainty of this like not
knowing if this need is going to be met
so what I really need is this hmm
or I need not to have this be
happening what if anything was your way
of becoming comfortable with drawing
these boundaries that have potentially
these huge consequences losing lovers
losing business losing friends yeah I
mean feeling the thing that I'm afraid
of happening and then grieving that
occurrence like pre-grieving the loss
like recognizing that you know maybe
maybe I am in a codependent relationship
with a partner or a client and that the
moment that I draw my draw a boundary to
make sure that my needs are met they
will attack me that can actually really
happen and they might even leave and
then badmouth to everybody like that
could actually happen you know that's
the situation that I've gotten myself
into through
avoiding fear and so now is the time to
feel it
and be ready for the consequences which
in the short term may hurt a lot and in
the long term
the result is living more authentically
and having better relationships as a
result
even if it's not the same relationships
that's a great transition for
focusing on the third part of this
interview which is how is life now
and if you were to ask the people in
your life whether it be business or your
Air Sports friends or your relationships
or your family how would they describe
the difference they might not describe
the difference as wow he seems like he's
really in touch with his fear they might
not even notice that but what do you
think they do notice and I've heard
people describe me as being more
confident
and I'm not sure that's quite the right
word for it
but like my internal experience as being
more willing to feel
afraid of whatever it is I'm stepping
into
but uh like externally that shows up as
I mean people see it as having courage
how about the disassociation you you
talked a little bit earlier about your
disassociation being one of the first
things that happens in fear what are
people's Reflections about your
disassociation compared to before I
haven't gotten a whole lot of feedback
from people on like my dissociation or
lack thereof I guess sometimes I do
people are like where are you right now
there's a way that I'm not like
defensive about that I don't have as
much like shame around
being distracted or preoccupied by a
fear and so if somebody points something
out to me and they're like hey where are
you right now where's your
what are you thinking about it used to
be the case that I would just kind of
come up with some excuse or not
excuse but some like something that
wasn't really what I was afraid of and
like hide the fear
and now I'm much more likely to just
share vulnerably what it is that I'm
feeling and it often just
evaporates the moment I do that and
what's all that doing to your sense of
connection with your
friends and relations and and their
sense of connection to you I feel much
more loved for who I actually am and I
feel like my fear is much more like
permissioned and welcome
and others feel that their fear is
welcome with me
and that that increases
that deeply increases connection
and also leads to a lot more difficult
conversations that are had earlier
rather than later
you know Finding what's actually real so
the the relationships and the
connections that I have now feel much
more real and much more
robust
than they often used to be when I was
holding and carrying this belief that
I had to hide my fear from the
relationship or it would damage it
somehow and how does that look at say in
a business meeting so what what did a
business meeting look like before you
were feeling your fear and after you
were feeling your fear yeah so extreme
examples like before feeling my fear I
would over promise under deliver
you know speak to the positives that are
going on the project and be afraid of
sharing anything negative and that went
predictably poorly every time
and now there's just a much deeper sense
of trust clients and I feel much more
comfortable that neither of us are going
to move forward into something that
really doesn't work for us or that isn't
set up for success and there's also
trust that if anything changes course as
something always does that we will be
able to have the conversations to
correct course and
flow with reality as it's
as it's coming at us which leads to a
much deeper sense of safety my
experience of that is it's not just
safety it's trust which I think you just
mentioned
and so as you feel the fear instead of
overcome it what is your sense of trust
in life how has that changed at all if
at all
um my trust in life has deepened
immensely like for example if I go
through this like fear process of like
what happens if I lose a client what
happens if I lose the business what
happens if I lose everything
what happens if I break my legs
I have a much deeper trust that whatever
happens I have strong relationships and
even if I lose my relationships I've
inability to develop connection anywhere
with anybody
and that whatever it is that I have in
my life is less dependent on the thing
that I'm attached to that currently
makes me feel safe
and I feel that I could approach a much
wider range of possible scenarios and
situations and unexpected curveballs and
be able to navigate it with
self-compassion and in connection with
whoever is around me and just be much
more resourceful than uh than I used to
so to wrap this up I would love to hear
about a specific example of something
that happened in the last year where you
had a big oh crap moment a big fear
moment and you felt into it and what
happened afterwards yeah several months
ago we had a really big client that
reduced their the team size for our
projects they had to go back to the
drawing board and do a bunch of internal
rewrites and so like our contract with
them which was an ongoing very large
contract for us was significantly
reduced which brought us from being you
know cash flow positive to cash flow
negative
and
immediately I was just like okay well
you know this is covid times things are
crazy what are we going to do and I just
like let myself feel that fear like oh
no this is the end everything's gonna
collapse ah and I just like let myself
feel that maybe just like I laid down in
my bed and just like let my body shake
just like let my body just shake it out
a little bit and then like I came out of
that I was like well this is this is a
really great opportunity an opportunity
for me to get out of the golden
handcuffs of having you know one client
bringing in most of the money and to
start really leveraging some of the
business development that we've been
doing and go out and find more clients
and expand into new areas and
upskill and
that was a couple months ago and right
now we were in a much better position
than we had been
and I'm really really grateful for both
that challenge and that experience and
also for having this relationship with
fear that allowed me to just feel it
because that could have easily been
another multi-month avoidance Fest that
would have led to collapse
in a previous iteration of myself yeah
and I'm just so curious how did you
approach your team with this so this big
thing happened you feel your fear how
did you come to your team what did you
say yeah that's also interesting I think
a previous way that I might have brought
that to the team would have been like
Okay so this happened but don't worry
we got this
Etc et cetera et cetera
um and then people would have been like
do we really got this I don't know
all right you know but
the way the way that I approach the team
with it and also I just have a really
great team so they were they were
approaching me in the same way when we
discovered this information it was just
like hey so
you know this has happened
this is good for a lot of reasons
um it's also scary and
we're going to flow with this and do
what we need to do but
like there are many reasons that we are
in a good position right now
and
you know there's also uncertainty and
let's step into it and see what we can
do and how did that go as far as like
people getting
nervous I gotta leave you know like the
the fear that you have that oh I have to
tell everybody it's all I got it all
together it's all going good like how
did people actually respond to that
level of openness like there's good
things there's bad things it's scary
it's uncertain how do people react to it
well there was a lot of excitement
actually
um I mean there were there were some
fears and there was some discomfort but
also there was a lot of excitement like
okay this is awesome let's
let's grow let's expand let's get get
into new markets let's find new clients
let's
like kind of get out of the comfortable
Zone that we'd been in
and of course there were there were some
who didn't take that approach like we
did have a couple people end up leaving
and I'm not sure you know entirely what
their internal reasons were I think some
of them were just getting a better offer
elsewhere or maybe they just felt
uncertain so they left but those that
are like those that are with us are
fully on board
and it's led to a lot of
it's led to a lot of like really great
team cohesion there's been a number of
difficult conversations and there's been
a number of celebrations of like
achievements and small wins leading to
bigger wins and now there's just a
bigger potential for what the company
can be now
and I think that a lot of a lot of us
are feeling it and just congratulations
on a two-month turnaround from losing a
huge client or a huge losing a huge
portion of your Revenue to turn that
around in two months is is pretty
amazing yeah thank you also there's a
pretty good timing with it too q1 is a
pretty good time to you know that's a
lot of hiring happens then people have
been starting to come out of the
coronavirus thing so timing worked out
well for us I had just recently hired a
VP of sales to start bringing in you
know leads so we had like a pipeline
that was ready and just hadn't fully
been capitalized on yet but you know a
lot of that came down to listening to
earlier fears of like well what would
happen if you know we lost a bunch of
business well let's be ready for that so
there's a bunch of stacked fears having
been listened to that led us to be in
the position that we could turn it
around that quickly that's awesome
okay well thank you very much for
spending time with us I hope it was
enjoyable for you as it was for me yeah
it was good to share these other aspects
of you with the audience and to learn so
much of it myself it's it's interesting
how
I've known you for years now and there's
still so much of your life that is a
constant surprise to me so it was a
pleasure to get to get to see these
aspects of you thanks Brett yeah see you
then see ya
thanks for listening to the art of
accomplishment if you enjoyed what you
heard today please subscribe and rate US
on your podcast app we'd love your
feedback so feel free to send us
questions or comments you can reach out
to us join our newsletter or check out
our courses at Art of accomplishment.com
[Music]